"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." – Albus Dumbledore
"Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light." – Albus Dumbledore
"After all this time? Always." – Severus Snape
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." – Albus Dumbledore
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." – The Marauder's Map
"Until the very end." – James Potter
"Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic." – Albus Dumbledore
"Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself." – Hermione Granger
"Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect." – Luna Lovegood
"You are just as sane as I am." – Luna Lovegood
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, those who live without love." – Albus Dumbledore
"The ones that love us never really leave us." – Sirius Black
"We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on." – Sirius Black
"Not my daughter, you bitch!" – Molly Weasley
"Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving." – Kingsley Shacklebolt
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." – Albus Dumbledore
"Time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead." – J.K. Rowling
"We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided." – Albus Dumbledore
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure." – Albus Dumbledore
"The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution." – Albus Dumbledore
"The mind is not a book to be opened at will and examined at leisure." – Severus Snape
"I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed." – Rubeus Hagrid
"Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it." – Albus Dumbledore
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike." – Albus Dumbledore
"Turn to page three hundred and ninety-four." – Severus Snape
"You're a wizard, Harry." – Rubeus Hagrid
"Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure." – Rowena Ravenclaw
"Fame is a fickle friend, Harry." – Gilderoy Lockhart
"The world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters." – Sirius Black
"Dobby is free!" – Dobby
"I’ll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending I don’t exist." – Harry Potter
"Mischief managed." – Harry Potter
"Constant vigilance!" – Mad-Eye Moody
"We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy." – Albus Dumbledore
"The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed." – Albus Dumbledore
"Yer a wizard, Harry." – Rubeus Hagrid
"The best of us sometimes eat our words." – Minerva McGonagall
"The dementors affect you worse than the others because there are horrors in your past the others don’t have." – Remus Lupin
"People find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than for being right." – Albus Dumbledore
"Percy wouldn’t recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby’s tea cozy." – Ron Weasley
"You're just as sane as I am." – Luna Lovegood
"Perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it." – Albus Dumbledore
"Even the very wise cannot see all ends." – J.K. Rowling
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?" – Albus Dumbledore
"When in doubt, go to the library." – Ron Weasley
"Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy." – Albus Dumbledore
"You’ll stay with me?’ ‘Until the very end,’ said James." – James Potter
"I am not worried, Harry. I am with you." – Albus Dumbledore
"One can never have enough socks." – Albus Dumbledore